Good morning, ma'am.
You know why I'm here, Jack.
Where is the one I asked you to find?
Ma'am, I'm doing everything I can, however.
I have yet to find a trace of him.
You idiot!
My son disappeared three years ago.
You are responsible for this city.
Do you have a nerve to stand here and tell me that after three years,
you haven't been able to find a single clue?
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
Remember, Leo is not just the heir to the foreign family.
He is the heir to the entire brand or legacy.
Do you know what that family represents?
They are the hidden leaders of our nation's iconic.
If you find him, you have a splendid, clear head of you.
If you don't, you have nothing.
Understand?
No matter where he is, I will find your son.
I swear on my name.
I, Jack Dyson, will find Mr. Leo Brandor.
I'll do whatever it takes, you have my word.
Whatever it takes.
Excuse me, are you with the Dorn group?
Yes, how can I help you?
I was wondering if the medical charity program is still active?
I submitted an application a few months ago and I haven't heard back yet.
The updates are posted online, check there.
Oh, I have, there haven't been any updates.
Please, sir, I've traveled a really long way to just be here.
I mean, could you just spare a moment to discuss this with me?